Chikii Privacy Policy

It is our pleasure that you choose Chikii. The service in Chikii (hereinafter the “Service”).We treasure your privacy and personal information and do our best to protect them. We have to use certain information that may be confined as your personal information when we provide service in Chikii (hereinafter the “Service”). We have made and enforce the Chikii Privacy Policy (hereinafter the “Policy”). Before you enter and use Chikii, please carefully read, fully understand and accept this Policy in its whole. Your acceptance of the Policy shall cover your consent to our collect, use, store and other deal with your personal information listed in the conditions of the Policy. We are unable to provide the Service if you do not accept this Policy and consent to provide with certain necessary l information.
This Policy shall be regarded as a supplementary part to the Chikii User Agreement. If any difference arises among this Policy and Chikii User Agreement, the Policy shall prevail. You are required to read and agree to the Chikii Privacy Policy and other rules that we post within Chikii. There may be separate agreements, etc., for your use of certain specific Service in Chikii. Once you have agreed to any of the foregoing separate agreements, you shall comply with them in their whole.
By clicking the checkbox for confirmation (or other similar process that may prove that you have accept an agreement), you are deemed to carefully read, fully understand and completely accept any or all the agreements aforesaid.

1.What Information We May Collect From You
1.1.Basic Information
In order to enable the basic function (software starting and content browsing) of software and provide basic Service to you, we have to collect the following information:
1.1.1.Equipment and software information, which includes device model, device operational system version, device language, device identity number (for example, IMEI or IMSI) Chikii software version and Chikii software running logs and crash report.
1.1.2.Internet access information, which mainly is Mac address and IP address.
1.2.Signing-up Information
We may collect your information of signing-up, as you wish to sign up a Chikii account:
1.2.1.Contact, which mainly is email address. Cell phone and residence address are not necessary.
1.2.2.Account number, nickname and password, as a part of your signing-up that we shall record at minimum.
1.3.Information for Further Function of the Service: 
We may collect certain information further if you trigger the corresponding Service.
1.3.1.Information in you Album (Photo and Video Library) and Camera. We may collect the photos, pictures, videos if you wish to use certain function during the Service that needs them. 
1.4.If we collect any other information from you other than that is expressly stated above, we will notice you in advance through practical methods (for example, ask for you consent when you enter a page in Chikii that needs your information, or, modify this Policy and ask for your acceptance and consent).

2.How Can We Collect Information From You
2.1.Your Filling: 
We may collect information as you fill in the places, especially when you sign up an account.
2.2.Your Device Permissions:
We may collect information as you grant us the device permission that may enable us to collect information from you. We now may use device permission of:
2.2.1.Internet Access, which enable us to get data from Internet;
2.2.2.Camera, which enable us to to take photos and videos real-time;
2.2.3.Album (Photo and Video Library), which enable us to to access and upload photos and videos you have picked.
The device permissions will only use when you truly want to use them to enable us to collect your information, and we will not exceed your consent to collect information you do not wish to provide.
2.3.Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies. 
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, scripts and similar technologies are used by us. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Services, tracking your movements around the Sites, Software and App, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Cookies are pieces of text records being stored in your device that can be read upon future visits. We are now NOT IN USE of Cookies but we may use the similar tracking technologies aforesaid.
2.4.Information from Third Party as You Consent.
You may grant us permission to collect your information from services provided by third parties. For example, information from a social media like Facebook or Twitter.

3.How We Use or Deal with Your Information
3.1.We use the information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide information for a certain reason, we may solely use the information as such, otherwise we will ask for your consent on our new usage.
3.2.In addition to the expressly stated usage, we may also use your information help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, or use of technology and science research, or use for promotion and advertising. We will only use the information that are not link or direct to you, or the information that has been adequately anonymized, which normally not defined as personal information in law for these two circumstances.  	
3.3.If users violate laws, regulations and platform rules (including but not limited to Chikii User Agreement), we may submit some words, text, voice or video records in the room as the basis for content audit and investigation. Furthermore, we might use such content for law enforcement and dispute settlement (including any dispute among users or between users and us) if it is not prohibited by laws.
3.4.We will not disclose or share your information, unless you have expressly consent on it. We are not in any business of selling your information. 
3.5.We may transfer your information if the entity that runs the Service changes, in the conditions of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy. The new entity will keep on protecting your information as this Policy states.
3.6.Notwithstanding the conditions listed above, we may deal with your information in some specific ways without your consent in advance, if the applicable laws and regulations permit us (or even demand us) to do so. Normally we may collect, use, share, disclose or in other way of dealing with your information in the following conditions:
3.6.1.necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which the individual is a party.
3.6.2.necessary for the performance of statutory duties or legal obligations.
3.6.3.necessary for responding to public emergencies
3.6.4.necessary to protect the life, health and property of natural persons in emergency situations
3.6.5.necessary for the implementation of news reporting, public opinion supervision and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of handling personal information.
3.6.6.Dealing with the information that has been disclosed by the individual lawfully.
3.6.7.Other circumstances stipulated by applicable laws and regulations.

4.How We Store Your Information
4.1.We wish that the Service connect you to the world. To accomplish this, your personal information may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world for processing activities, including those described in this Privacy Policy, in connection with your use of our products and services. we comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding the transfer of information between countries to ensure that your data is protected everywhere.
4.2.We will store your information at a minimum period, which it will, and only satisfy the lowest need for us to keep on the business. If the laws and regulations demand, we may extend the store period.

5.How We Safeguard Your Information
5.1.We have used industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide against unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. For example, we use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information; we also adopt strict management of employees or outsourced personnel who may have access to your information, including but not limited to adopting different permission controls depending on the position, signing confidentiality agreements with them sign confidentiality agreements, monitor their operations, and other measures.
5.2.Due to the limitations of technology and risk prevention, even if we have tried to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information. In the unfortunate event of an incident involving your information, we will promptly notify you and inform you of possible ways to protect your information in order to reduce the impact of the incident. We will assume all legal responsibilities as required by law and regulations.

6.What If You Are a Minor
6.1.We actively respond to the requirements of protecting the rights of minors and safeguarding the legal rights of minor users. Only the minors granted by their guardians may use the Service. For minor users, please ensure that your guardian has reviewed our privacy policy with you and agreed to the terms and conditions that allow you to use our services. 
6.2.Guardian shall take care of their minors. If guardians need to manage the use of the Service by their minors, or need to stop their minor to use the Service, they shall contact us via email we provide within the Policy.

7.What Can You Do About Your Information
7.1.To ensure that your rights and interests regarding your information are protected, we will respond to your requests and provide you with convenient ways. We now provide automatic responds to your rights regarding your information and you may see them within the setting of Chikii. 
7.2.For more right response (including adding, modifying, copying, transferring or deleting your information), please contact us via email we provide within the Policy.
7.3.If you wish to cancel your account, you may submit your account cancellation application via our specific page. We may review your application and you may be given 7 days as account freezing period to reconsider your account cancellation application. During the account freezing period, you may not log in the account again, or you may withdraw your account cancellation application. If you need any help, please contact us via email we provide within the Policy.

8.Contact
If you have any suggestions or complaints, or if you have any questions that we can help you with, you can contact us by email. We will provide feedback as soon as possible after verification, usually within 15 business days.
Email:chikiiservice@gmail.com.

9.Applicable Laws and Dispute Resolution
9.1.This Policy is entered into by you and us in Singapore. The laws of Singapore shall apply to the formation, force, performance, interpretation and resolution of disputes under this Policy.
9.2.Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim arising out of or relating to this Policy, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to it shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) under the applicable institutional arbitration rules in force when the notice of arbitration is submitted. The seat of arbitration shall be Singapore. The number of arbitrators shall be one. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in the English or Chinese language.

10.Miscellaneous
10.1.This Policy constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the matters agreed herein and other related matters, and does not confer any rights on the parties hereto other than those set forth herein.
10.2.If any provision of this Policy is, for whatever reason, wholly or partially invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Policy shall remain valid and binding.
10.3.The headings in this Policy are for convenience only and shall be disregarded in the interpretation of this Policy.

